keynotes.md, before:

---
layout: single
permalink: /keynotes
---
**Keynote Speakers**

**Professor Binxing Fang**<br/>
Chinese Academy of Engineering, China<br/>
<img src="/assets/images/binxing_fang.jpg" style="float:left;padding-right:25px;padding-top:7px;max-width:200px" alt="Professor Binxing Fang"/> Professor Binxing Fang is an academician of the Chinese Academy of Engineering, China; he is the former president of the Beijing University of Posts and Telecommunications, and the director of the Processing and Coordination Center of the National Computer Network Emergency Response Technical Team. Professor Fang is a member of the National Information Expert Advisory Committee, a member of the Emergency Management Expert Group of the state council, a member of the expert group of major projects in information security of the National Natural Science Foundation of China (NSFC), and also the chairperson of the China Network Security Association.<br/><br/>
Professor Fang is mainly engaged in research and development of computer network and information security, including a new generation of internet technology, parallel processing technology, complex gigantic systems, computer network security, and computer content security. Professor Fang has been awarded repeatedlyState Science and Technology Prizes of China; in 2005, he was elected as an academician of the Chinese Academy of Engineering.

**Professor Ramesh Jain**<br/>
University of California-Irvine, USA<br/>
<img src="/assets/images/ramesh_jain.jpg" style="float:left;padding-right:25px;padding-top:7px;max-width:200px" alt="Professor Ramesh Jain"/> Professor Ramesh Jain is a Donald Bren Professor in Information & Computer Sciences at the University of California, Irvine (UCI). His current research passion is in addressing health issues using cybernetic principles, building on the progress in sensors, mobile, processing, and storage technologies.  He is the founding director of the Institute for Future Health at UCI. Earlier he served at Georgia Tech, the University of California at San Diego, the University of Michigan, Ann Arbor, Wayne State University, and the Indian Institute of Technology, Kharagpur, India.  He is a Fellow of AAAS, ACM, IEEE, AAAI, IAPR, and SPIE.<br/><br/>
Professor Ramesh Jain co-founded several companies, managed them in their initial stages, and then turned them over to professional management.  He enjoys new challenges and likes to use technology to solve them.  He is participating in addressing the biggest challenge for us all: how to live long in good health.

**Professor Fatih Porikli**<br/>
Australian National University, Australia<br/>
<img src="/assets/images/fatih-porikli.png" style="float:left;padding-right:25px;padding-top:7px;max-width:200px" alt="Professor Fatih Porikli"/> Fatih Porikli is an IEEE Fellow and a Professor with the Research School of Engineering, Australian National University. He is currently acting as a Chief Scientist at Huawei. Until 2017, he was the Leader of the Computer Vision Research Group at NICTA. He has received his Ph.D. from New York University (NYU). Previously, he served a Distinguished Research Scientist at Mitsubishi Electric Research Laboratories (MERL). His current interests include computer vision, machine learning, deep learning, manifold learning, robust and sparse optimization, data analytics, and online learning with many commercial applications including video surveillance, autonomous vehicles, intelligent transportation, medical systems, industrial inspection, satellite systems, automation, visualization, and consumer electronics. He is the co-editor of two books on Video Analytics for Business Intelligence and Handbook on Background Modeling and Foreground Detection for Video Surveillance. His publications have won six Best Paper Awards. He has received the RD100 Award in the Scientist of the Year category in 2006. He has 73 granted US patents.

**Professor Nikola Kasabov**<br/>
Auckland University of Technology, New Zealand<br/>
<img src="/assets/images/nikola_kasabov.jpg" style="float:left;padding-right:25px;padding-top:7px;max-width:200px" alt="Professor Nikola Kasabov"/>
Professor Nikola Kasabov is a Fellow of IEEE, Fellow of the Royal Society of New Zealand, DVF of the Royal Academy of Engineering, UK and the Scottish Computer Association. He is the Director of the Knowledge Engineering and Discovery Research Institute (KEDRI), Auckland and Professor at the School of Engineering, Computing and Mathematical Sciences at Auckland University of Technology. Kasabov is President-Elect of the Asia Pacific Neural Network Society (APNNS) to serve as the President in 2019. He is a Past President of the International Neural Network Society (INNS) and APNNS. He is a member of several technical committees of IEEE Computational Intelligence Society and a Distinguished Lecturer of the IEEE CIS (2012-2014). He is a Co-Editor-in-Chief of the Springer journal Evolving Systems and serves as Associate Editor of Neural Networks, IEEE TrNN, -Tr CDS, -TrFS, Information Science, Applied Soft Computing and other journals. Kasabov holds MSc and PhD from the TU Sofia, Bulgaria. His main research interests are in the areas of neural networks, intelligent information systems, soft computing, bioinformatics, neuroinformatics. He has published more than 600 publications that include 15 books, 220 journal papers, 28 patents and numerous chapters and conference papers.<br/><br/>
He has extensive academic experience at various academic and research organisations in Europe and Asia, including: TU Sofia Bulgaria; University of Essex UK; University of Otago, NZ, Advisor Professor at the  Shanghai Jiao Tong University, Visiting Professor at ETH/University of Zurich and Robert Gordon University in the UK. Prof. Kasabov has received a number of awards, among them: the APNNA ‘Outstanding Achievements Award’; the INNS Gabor Award for ‘Outstanding contributions to engineering applications of neural networks’; the EU Marie Curie Fellowship; the Bayer Science Innovation Award; the APNNA Excellent Service Award; the RSNZ Science and Technology Medal; the 2015 AUT Medal for outstanding academic contribution; Honorable Member of the Bulgarian  Academic Society for Computer Science and IT, and others. He is an Honorary Citizen of Pavlikeni and a Mentor of the “Bacho Kiro” school in the town. He has supervised to completion 46 PhD students. More information of Prof. Kasabov can be found on the <a href="http://www.kedri.aut.ac.nz">KEDRI web site</a>.<br/><br/>
<b>Spiking Neural Networks, Deep Learning, and Brain-inspired Artificial Intelligence</b> by Prof. Nikola Kasabov<br/>
ABSTRACT. Brain-inspired AI (BI-AI) is the contemporary phase in the AI development that is concerned with the design and implementation of highly intelligent machines that utilise information processing principles from the human brain, along with their applications. Spiking neural networks (SNN) and deep learning algorithms in SNN are brain-inspired techniques that make it possible for a new generation of AI systems to be developed  - the brain-inspired AI (BI-AI).<br/><br/>
This presentation has two parts. The first part covers generic methodological aspects of AI and neural networks, including: Adaptive learning of evolving processes in space and time; Data, Information and Knowledge; The human brain as a deep learning system; Classical methods of ANN; Methods of SNN; Deep learning in brain-inspired SNN architectures; Evolutionary and quantum-inspired optimisation of SNN systems; Neuromorphic development software and hardware platforms for SNN.<br/><br/>
The second part presents specific methods, systems and applications based on deep learning in SNN and BI-AI for various problems and data, including: signal processing; audio/visual data for fast moving object recognition; multisensory predictive modelling of streaming data; cybersecurity. It concludes with discussions about the future of AI. A development software system NeuCube and application systems can be found on: <a href="http://www.kedri.aut.ac.nz/neucube/">http://www.kedri.aut.ac.nz/neucube/</a>. Details of this presentation are included in [15].<br/><br/>
REFERENCES:<br/>
1.  Kasabov, N. Neural networks and genetic algorithms. Avtomatika i Informatika, 8/9:51-60 (1990) (in Bulgarian)<br/>
2.  Kasabov, N. Incorporating neural networks into production systems and a practical approach towards the realisation of fuzzy expert systems. Computer Science and Informatics 21(2): 26-34 (1991)<br/>
3.  Kasabov, N. and Shishkov, S. A connectionist production system with partial match and its use for approximate reasoning. Connection Science 5(3/4): 275-305 (1993)<br/>
4.  Schliebs, S., Kasabov, N. (2013). Evolving spiking neural network-a survey. Evolving Systems, 4(2), 87-98.<br/>
5.  Kasabov, N. (2014) NeuCube: A Spiking Neural Network Architecture for Mapping, Learning and Understanding of Spatio-Temporal Brain Data, Neural Networks, 52, 62-76.<br/>
6.  Kasabov, N., Dhoble, K., Nuntalid, N., Indiveri, G. (2013). Dynamic evolving spiking neural networks for on-line spatio- and spectro-temporal pattern recognition. Neural Networks, 41, 188-201.<br/>
7.  Kasabov, N. et al (2016) A SNN methodology for the design of evolving spatio-temporal data machines, Neural Networks.<br/>
8.  Kasabov, N., et al. (2014). Evolving Spiking Neural Networks for Personalised Modelling of Spatio-Temporal Data and Early Prediction of Events: A Case Study on Stroke. Neurocomputing.<br/>
9.  Furber, S. et al  (2012) Overview of the SpiNNaker system architecture, IEEE Trans. Computers, 99.<br/>
10. Indiveri, G., Horiuchi, T.K. (2011) Frontiers in neuromorphic engineering, Frontiers in Neuroscience, 5.<br/>
11. Scott, N., N.  Kasabov, G. Indiveri (2013) NeuCube Neuromorphic Framework for Spatio-Temporal Brain Data and Its Python Implementation, Proc. ICONIP 2013, Springer LNCS, 8228, pp.78-84. <br/>
12. Kasabov, N. (ed) (2014) Springer Handbook of Bio- and Neuroinformatics, Springer.<br/>
13. EU Marie Curie EvoSpike Project (Kasabov, Indiveri): <a href="http://ncs.ethz.ch/projects/EvoSpike/">http://ncs.ethz.ch/projects/EvoSpike/</a><br/>
14. NeuCube, <a href="http://www.kedri.aut.ac.nz/neucube/">http://www.kedri.aut.ac.nz/neucube/</a><br/>
15. Kasabov, N (2018) Spiking Neural Networks, Deep learning and  Brain-Inspired Artificial Intelligence, Springer, 450 pp.

Commit message:

Separate abstract/references to another page

keynotes.md, after:

---
layout: single
permalink: /keynotes
---
**Keynote Speakers**

**Professor Binxing Fang**<br/>
Chinese Academy of Engineering, China<br/>
<img src="/assets/images/binxing_fang.jpg" style="float:left;padding-right:25px;padding-top:7px;max-width:200px" alt="Professor Binxing Fang"/> Professor Binxing Fang is an academician of the Chinese Academy of Engineering, China; he is the former president of the Beijing University of Posts and Telecommunications, and the director of the Processing and Coordination Center of the National Computer Network Emergency Response Technical Team. Professor Fang is a member of the National Information Expert Advisory Committee, a member of the Emergency Management Expert Group of the state council, a member of the expert group of major projects in information security of the National Natural Science Foundation of China (NSFC), and also the chairperson of the China Network Security Association.<br/><br/>
Professor Fang is mainly engaged in research and development of computer network and information security, including a new generation of internet technology, parallel processing technology, complex gigantic systems, computer network security, and computer content security. Professor Fang has been awarded repeatedlyState Science and Technology Prizes of China; in 2005, he was elected as an academician of the Chinese Academy of Engineering.

**Professor Ramesh Jain**<br/>
University of California-Irvine, USA<br/>
<img src="/assets/images/ramesh_jain.jpg" style="float:left;padding-right:25px;padding-top:7px;max-width:200px" alt="Professor Ramesh Jain"/> Professor Ramesh Jain is a Donald Bren Professor in Information & Computer Sciences at the University of California, Irvine (UCI). His current research passion is in addressing health issues using cybernetic principles, building on the progress in sensors, mobile, processing, and storage technologies.  He is the founding director of the Institute for Future Health at UCI. Earlier he served at Georgia Tech, the University of California at San Diego, the University of Michigan, Ann Arbor, Wayne State University, and the Indian Institute of Technology, Kharagpur, India.  He is a Fellow of AAAS, ACM, IEEE, AAAI, IAPR, and SPIE.<br/><br/>
Professor Ramesh Jain co-founded several companies, managed them in their initial stages, and then turned them over to professional management.  He enjoys new challenges and likes to use technology to solve them.  He is participating in addressing the biggest challenge for us all: how to live long in good health.

**Professor Fatih Porikli**<br/>
Australian National University, Australia<br/>
<img src="/assets/images/fatih-porikli.png" style="float:left;padding-right:25px;padding-top:7px;max-width:200px" alt="Professor Fatih Porikli"/> Fatih Porikli is an IEEE Fellow and a Professor with the Research School of Engineering, Australian National University. He is currently acting as a Chief Scientist at Huawei. Until 2017, he was the Leader of the Computer Vision Research Group at NICTA. He has received his Ph.D. from New York University (NYU). Previously, he served a Distinguished Research Scientist at Mitsubishi Electric Research Laboratories (MERL). His current interests include computer vision, machine learning, deep learning, manifold learning, robust and sparse optimization, data analytics, and online learning with many commercial applications including video surveillance, autonomous vehicles, intelligent transportation, medical systems, industrial inspection, satellite systems, automation, visualization, and consumer electronics. He is the co-editor of two books on Video Analytics for Business Intelligence and Handbook on Background Modeling and Foreground Detection for Video Surveillance. His publications have won six Best Paper Awards. He has received the RD100 Award in the Scientist of the Year category in 2006. He has 73 granted US patents.

**Professor Nikola Kasabov**<br/>
Auckland University of Technology, New Zealand<br/>
<img src="/assets/images/nikola_kasabov.jpg" style="float:left;padding-right:25px;padding-top:7px;max-width:200px" alt="Professor Nikola Kasabov"/>
Professor Nikola Kasabov is a Fellow of IEEE, Fellow of the Royal Society of New Zealand, DVF of the Royal Academy of Engineering, UK and the Scottish Computer Association. He is the Director of the Knowledge Engineering and Discovery Research Institute (KEDRI), Auckland and Professor at the School of Engineering, Computing and Mathematical Sciences at Auckland University of Technology. Kasabov is President-Elect of the Asia Pacific Neural Network Society (APNNS) to serve as the President in 2019. He is a Past President of the International Neural Network Society (INNS) and APNNS. He is a member of several technical committees of IEEE Computational Intelligence Society and a Distinguished Lecturer of the IEEE CIS (2012-2014). He is a Co-Editor-in-Chief of the Springer journal Evolving Systems and serves as Associate Editor of Neural Networks, IEEE TrNN, -Tr CDS, -TrFS, Information Science, Applied Soft Computing and other journals. Kasabov holds MSc and PhD from the TU Sofia, Bulgaria. His main research interests are in the areas of neural networks, intelligent information systems, soft computing, bioinformatics, neuroinformatics. He has published more than 600 publications that include 15 books, 220 journal papers, 28 patents and numerous chapters and conference papers.<br/><br/>
He has extensive academic experience at various academic and research organisations in Europe and Asia, including: TU Sofia Bulgaria; University of Essex UK; University of Otago, NZ, Advisor Professor at the  Shanghai Jiao Tong University, Visiting Professor at ETH/University of Zurich and Robert Gordon University in the UK. Prof. Kasabov has received a number of awards, among them: the APNNA ‘Outstanding Achievements Award’; the INNS Gabor Award for ‘Outstanding contributions to engineering applications of neural networks’; the EU Marie Curie Fellowship; the Bayer Science Innovation Award; the APNNA Excellent Service Award; the RSNZ Science and Technology Medal; the 2015 AUT Medal for outstanding academic contribution; Honorable Member of the Bulgarian  Academic Society for Computer Science and IT, and others. He is an Honorary Citizen of Pavlikeni and a Mentor of the “Bacho Kiro” school in the town. He has supervised to completion 46 PhD students. More information of Prof. Kasabov can be found on the <a href="http://www.kedri.aut.ac.nz">KEDRI web site</a>.<br/><br/>
An abstract and a list of references about this keynote speech are <a href="/keynote_kasabov">available here</a>.
